std_algos: part 5/10 (#390)
kokkos/kokkos-core-wiki: docs/source/API/algorithms/std-algorithms/all/StdFill.rst

- ``label``: string forwarded to internal parallel kernels for debugging purposes

  - for 1, the default string is: "Kokkos::fill_iterator_api_default"

  - for 3, the default string is: "Kokkos::fill_view_api_default"

  - NOTE: overloads accepting a team handle do not use a label internally

- ``first, last``: range of elements to modify

  - must be *random access iterators*, e.g., ``Kokkos::Experimental::begin/end``

  - must represent a valid range, i.e., ``last >= first``

  - must be accessible from ``exespace`` or from the execution space associated with the team handle

- ``view``:

  - must be rank-1, and have ``LayoutLeft``, ``LayoutRight``, or ``LayoutStride``

  - must be accessible from ``exespace``

- ``value``: value to assign to each element

Return Value
~~~~~~~~~~~~

None

Example
~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. code-block:: cpp

   namespace KE = Kokkos::Experimental;
   Kokkos::View<double*> a("a", 13);

   KE::fill(Kokkos::DefaultExecutionSpace(), KE::begin(a), KE::end(a), 4.);

   // passing the view directly
   KE::fill(Kokkos::DefaultExecutionSpace(), a, 22.);

   // explicitly set execution space (assuming active)

>    KE::fill(Kokkos::OpenMP(), KE::begin(a), KE::end(a), 14.);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  //  // To run explicitly on the Host (assuming a and b are accessible on Host)
   KE::fill(Kokkos::DefaultHostExecutionSpace(), KE::begin(a), KE::end(a), 14.);
```

Reviewer 2: I think the explicit space here was done to show, that it is possible to pass any enabled execution space.
